in the administration or faculty or staff?
Did you have any interaction with Wayne Stark or H.L.
Heaton or?
Yeah, both of those guys.
Now, Heaton was, was he the registrar?
And he had a lady that went to our church at A.M.
Presbyterian Church that worked for him, Carolyn.
I don't remember her last name.
You know who I'm in?
Like Eddie?
Yeah.
She's the one that actually signed me up the first day I got, when I got off that airplane and showed up here.
What was the guy's name over at the placement office then?
Horsley.
I think that's right, yeah.
He was very helpful to me when I was a senior getting a job.
I developed a really good relationship with him.
They, you know, it was a little different then because you had, you spent a lot of time interviewing on campus, Burtzley,
Everybody came to the campus to interview back then.
I can't remember any of my friends leaving without jobs either.
A few left without some jobs because they weren't in the Corps.
They didn't have a contract and they were classified 1A and they were about to be drafted for the Vietnam War.
So, the companies were steering away from them.
I had a contract.
I was going in the Army after a year.
I had a year of deferment and then going in for two years.
I had like six job offers from people who were, you know, they would take me because they knew exactly what my- Now you ended up majoring in?
Accounting.
And give me what such firms as you had job offers from?
Firestone, Skelly Oil in Oklahoma.
Tenneco oil and gas in Houston.
How did you prepare for that job interview?
I don't know if I remember a lot about that.
I know that you could always tell when somebody had a job interview because they were in a suit.
That's something I remember seeing.
I remember it was a lower class and seeing these seniors show up in suits and then after a while I realized that they were there for a job interview.
Do you remember where the interview was?
Yeah, they were held
Well, gosh, I remember being upstairs.
I don't even remember what, it seemed like it was, were we over at the, where were we?
No, I don't.
I remember seeing the interview rooms.
I remember the job postings.
They used to post when people were coming in to interview.
Do you remember what some of the salvage were offered?
Yeah, like $500 a month, right?
That's 6,000, 6,500 a year, right, somewhere in there.
But since you were going on active duty, then you put that aside.
Well, I went to work for Firestone for a year.
Oh, okay.
Because I'd ask, every once in a while you do something smart, and you don't know that you weren't smart doing it necessarily, but it turned out to work out.
I asked for a one-year deferment on the basis that it'd be easier for me to find a job here on campus.
And that worked perfectly.
I found a job.
I went to work for Firestone.
I then took two years, leave, worked, which I spent most of in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, a little bit at Fort Bliss in El Paso.
Then I came back to Firestone.
So it worked out good for me.
I found my job on campus, worked for them for almost a year, went into Miami and then came back and worked for them.
But gosh, the placement office was super.
They worked hard at helping you.
Prior to your student days, many people in the Corps had reason to worry about going to Korea, earlier World War II.
Did you all have any immediate active duty worries?
No, the worry was when you graduated.
And yeah, I encouraged some kids to even like apply for graduate school.
I don't remember how I was afraid, you know, I was in a different situation where I was
clearly going on active duty.
So I went into that a lot but there were not, the worry was if you flunk out you're gonna get drafted.
I mean so there was a real incentive to make your grades there because there was the draft was still pretty strong in those days and there that you know right in that times when the build-up started.
We're only about half through and we need to terminate for today.
Let's terminate with your
describing what national or international events you remember from your school, your undergraduate days.
How did you hear about this event?
What were you doing when you heard it had occurred?
Well, the most significant thing that happened, there were two significant events that happened when I was here.
The first one was the assassination of President Kennedy.
Mary worked at Northgate on the street that
that runs, I don't know, it's not University, but it runs down the side there, right by where Lupo's is now, down the side of that.
She worked at the cleaners right in there.
And I was dropping her off, I pulled up down the street right behind, the street that would be just north of University Drive, and I was headed east on that street and led her off at the corner to walk just a couple of storefronts to the cleaners
and a guy by the name of, his last name was Will Banks, and I can't think of his first name now, but he was my barber, and cut my granddaddy's hair, and he cut my hair all the time, and had this little non-gate barber shop there, he and Mr. Smith, two barbers in there, and Will Banks was walking down the street, and he had just come over the news, and he was telling people into the story, and as I let Mary out, he told me that just shot the president of Dallas.
I worked,
I worked at Lou Post, so when I let her off, I went around the corner and I got in the store and we just, rest of the afternoon, we just huddled around the radio waiting for reports to come in.
And there was, you know, very little, every once in a while somebody walked in the store and didn't know about it and wondered what we were doing over there.
But it really cut down dramatically the conduct of business that day.
And then, you know, really the country went into a tremendous stage of mourning.
If I recall correctly, that was a Friday.
And, you know, a couple other things I remember is Sunday or Saturday, you know, we just stayed glued to the TV set watching everything that was happening.
And Sunday, I went out, my grandmother had invited us to come over to have dinner with her afterwards.
And we lived in College View Apartments.
And I went out to start my car for Mary and my daughter, Carol, who was born in March of 63, and this would be November of 63.
We're gonna go, maybe even go to German Carwood and start, you know how things like that go.
So we walked, got us the stroller out, and we walked down to my grandmother's apartment there.
And when we walked in the door, Lee Harvey Oswald had just been shot.
And my step-grandfather had come grabbing me, hurry up, you just missed it.
And of course, the other thing I remember about that, which is kind of immaterial all this, but the NFL played all the football games that Sunday.
American Football League, which was going on at that time, canceled all theirs.
Gave tremendous credibility probably to the American Football League, which was struggling at that time.
The NFL still has a black eye for playing those football games that day.
But, I mean, we stayed with that.
I was a senior that year, and we had started the bonfire, and that time we used to build the bonfire in about a weekend, a long weekend.
And we had the center pole up and all, and work had started that Friday, and
Our leaders met with General Rudder and he felt like that would be a good thing for us to give up.
And I think we all felt the same way.
Well, after the funeral and all, we kind of said, you know, we could build this bonfire in a couple of days and we could have.
I really believe that.
We could have built that sucker.
But he said, no, you made the decision.
You got to stick with it and let us build the bonfire.
But that's, you know, and then the great Aggie story to me.
is the class of 93, thirty years later, in essence gave us, allowed us to share their bonfire.
Motion.
Thirty years.
Aggies are still the same.
We could be 30 years apart and bond like that, and for them to even think, you know, these guys never had their bond.